core: strip the PAC out of IP during backtrace on AArch64 macOS (#8818)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8074-fix-backtraces-on-m1-macs.md

## bugfix/core

> * Fixed fiber backtrace collection on M1/M2 Macs (gh-8074).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the collection of fiber backtraces on the M1/M2 macOS platform (gh-8074).
```

Author: Done
